---
title: Mission Statement
author: Linda Goto
date: 2024-01-02
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Mission Statement
At Blockchain Billiards, we believe in empowering individuals to have their voices heard. In today's system, a select few are often designated to lead, such as elected officials or corporate managers. Let’s take for instance the corporate leadership model, which is flawed, as evidenced by the high levels of employee disengagement rates and the scarcity of effective leaders, despite significant investment in leadership training and development. Instead of relying on a single individual to lead a group of people, we advocate for a collective approach where every individual's voice, opinion, and solution within that group is valued. It's time to shift the focus from molding individuals into leaders to empowering and harnessing the collective wisdom and accountability of the entire community. Sorry, Obi-Wan, you’re not our only hope…

When power is concentrated in the hands of a select few, progress stagnates. When it is opened to a community of thinkers, progress advances. Take AIDS research: for fifteen years, a group of researchers struggled to find a key protein. Then, David Baker at the University of Washington introduced "crowdsourcing" and solved the puzzle in ten days, revolutionizing HIV/AIDS treatment. Toyota's rise from obscurity to global leadership was fueled by Kaizen, the philosophy and methodology which empowered employees to identify issues, take part in decision-making, and drive continuous improvement.

By advocating for a collective approach, we aim to harness the collective wisdom and accountability of our entire community. That's why we believe in easier collective action methods, facilitated by decentralized models like Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs) and smart contract technology. Our DAO shall offer inclusivity, transparency, and innovation by allowing every member to have an equal voice and vote without the need to stake tokens. At Blockchain Billiards, we are pioneering this transformative approach, starting with our billiards league governed by DAO principles and technology. Join us in reshaping governance and building a better future—one game at a time.

### Our commitment to Democracy 
We aim to demonstrate through the success of our league's pilot that individuals playing in a physical league, regardless of technical proficiency, can employ decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) technology to effect meaningful change. Our vision is to utilize democratic innovation, showcasing how everyday participants—such as those passionate about billiards —can wield a powerful voice in shaping their league. Through seamless user experience, comprehensive education and onboarding for our members, and the power of smart contract technology, we aim to serve as a proof of concept that will enable future DAOs and their respective movements to emerge to do things like combat corruption, address leadership challenges, and enhance accountability. Our goal is to amplify voices, empowering individuals to contribute to collective progress and usher in a new era of inclusive governance.

### Commitment to Sharing and Open-Source Data
Upon achieving success with our pilot and demonstrating the viability of managing a tangible entity through DAO technology, we anticipate the emergence of additional use cases. As momentum builds, the potential for adoption will grow exponentially. With each step forward, be it a department within a corporation or a municipality embracing this innovative approach to govern, the pioneering efforts of Blockchain Billiards and its community will serve as a blueprint for success. Our commitment to openness and knowledge-sharing reflects our collective aspiration for a brighter future, where inclusive governance enriches the lives of all. The potential for DAO-driven governance is limitless. Blockchain Billiards is committed to sharing our insights and best practices, championing a collaborative, open-source approach to building a better future across all industries and sectors. We believe we can bring about change, one massé shot at a time!

In Cloud Atlas, when the abolitionist was told that his efforts won’t add up to more than that of a single drop in an ocean, his response was: "What is an ocean but a multitude of drops?" 

Come, join us, and be a drop that turns into an ocean, and let’s make some waves! 

### Why Blockchain Billiards?
Our venture is driven by our team's diverse backgrounds and shared vision for groundbreaking innovation. As we embark on the proof of concept for a league governed by a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), and integrating real-world league play with our blockchain digital game, we recognize the complexities ahead. Yet, we are poised to pioneer this transformative endeavor.

Why billiards? It's more than a game; it's a universal sport that transcends age, gender, nationality, and ethnicity, fostering inclusivity. When you play pool, you build friendships, a community, and memories that last a lifetime. As we shape the first billiards league governed by DAO principles, we empower players to propose and vote on rules, formats, and even Treasury allocations, revolutionizing the way leagues operate.

Join us today and be the catalyst for transformative change. And remember—together, not only do we innovate, but we also have fun! 

[1]: https://pages.github.com